On the left hand menu,
below overview is the create menu.
Here you will develop the content of your course.
In accordance with backwards design,
we start with objectives,
then assessment activities,
and finally,
instructional content in a course curriculum.
Objectives will take you to the learning objectives page.
Learning objectives are the basis of educational
data analysis and engineering student success.
Refer to the linked
CMU Uerly Center guide on learning objectives
to understand the importance of attaching objectives to pages and activities.
To create a learning objective,
click
create new objective here.
Enter your text in a dialog box.
Then click create.
Now you will see a list of all your learning objectives displayed here.
On the right side,
you can track how many pages and activities in your course are using each objective.